good eye folks I just figured since I'm
replacing and busted Mouse I might as
well actually pulled a computer out and
give it a good clean up this is the
workshop computer by the way so the
dusting side he is pretty bad I clean it
on average maybe every six months then
how long has been since I've done it
which is a pretty filthy it's not a
stringy dust bike you get inside the
house it's this fine
hard dust like from grinding and walking
around on concrete probably slightly
conductive too so I don't want too much
to build up on the main board so I go
make regular cleaning a big thing
workshop computers it's the graphics
card I'm running an editor gigabyte GV -
our 96 P 256 D 256 Meg of video RAM
it's an old office computer it's like
1.1 gigahertz Celeron it's got a gig of
ram minutes to 512 Meg SDRAM to 33
megahertz modules so I want 133
megahertz the old stuff for last the big
modules tiny little power supply but
they're doing pretty well this is what
one of about 50 computers so I got for
scrap but it was the only one that had a
mainboard still in US and I had to pay
for this one but that's the way to scrap
business guys you get good stuff and bad
stuff so that definitely needs a coin
I'll use like low pressure compressed
air with a quick quiet whack it back
together again and go times of strain
I'm just giving it a bit of a wipe damn
tiny little compact
again it's hanging some scrap from a
doctor's surgery they kept upgrading
their computers and sticking them in the
back room and when they end up with too
much they give me a call and I come out
and clean it up
lots of LCD panels and things out of
them I figure I better do it's properly
outside the cd-rom drives out
compressed air has a habit of forcing
dust into places it shouldn't be and you
can always be very gentle
make sure your water traps empty - you
know when I blast water all over your
mainboard and power it up
well Peter I'll never get used any much
useful stage days
like a windmilling
fans too fast a Turkish will spin the
bearings you're not going for it
that's good enough for now power
supplies pretty important to high
voltages and probably semi conductive
dust eventually it will arced over
capsule look pretty good sometimes I
start to blow out no that'll do for now
now you know it's all good boot up
straight away no faults no nothing Dr
Stuart this one he hasn't been connected
in ages but is there
that's an old Sony slot-loading DVD just
updating latest patch 3.2 for world of
warcraft another apply very much lately
blizzards been putting a lot of effort
into making it playable increased L
basic flight speeds added new zones and
you are tournament stuff a lot of fun
that's only only off times and I'm not
out here working which is usually most
of the time that explains I only got one
level 80 character but nothing about
World of Warcraft the time to do
something a bit more constructive